well it's day seven of worlds group
stage with covers presented by you Gigi
I'm doing joined by doublelift after his
victory against EDG but unfortunately
team liquids inability to make it out of
groups this year
doublelift I saw you on screen just a
second ago during the interview with
Shox seems like this year the loss is
pretty hard yeah
every year it really sucks mmm
this year it sucked the most because
coming into groups I felt like we're
gonna be really good and like I mean
obviously you come into every single
match thinking that of course you can
win if you just play your game and you
don't make mistakes and you capitalize
on the right chances then you can win
but like this time I was like really
sure that this team was gonna go far and
it's like it kinda reminds me actually
of season 6 when people were like saying
that if TSM doesn't make semies then
that's a failure because we're looking
so good and so dominant but yeah this
this time I don't know it just sucks
because I feel like I feel like our team
you know we're just like really
different people we don't we don't like
have the same perspective on pretty much
anything but we like bonded throughout
the year through really hard times and
through like just really really rigorous
practice I guess the most practical the
most practice I've ever done in a year
for sure and you know our coaches put us
to a really high expectation and
everything and like it just feels bad
because at the end of the year like what
do we have to show for it just I guess
two more domestic titles it's out it's
actually really I'm sure their players
99% of pro players would be like please
let me get a domestic title but like I
don't know I've been trying at this for
so long
so actually make smithy - we've been
trying so long but just can't get it
what do you think went wrong at Worlds
is here hmm
it's hard to say like it's it's honestly
hard to say anything about going wrong
because it's just a lot of small things
I think the main thing for me that I
learned from this year was not to let
this stress I hate I hate talking about
what I learned the mistakes I made was I
really was like super stressed at one of
the team was and I contributed to like a
really stressful atmosphere because you
know like I demanded perfection from my
teammates and I was really critical
myself and I was really down on myself
and at times during practice I was super
unconfident I didn't feel like I was
like worth anything I was where I was
like worthless player and you know also
at times like I would argue with my
teammates of a really small stuff like
should you avoid you here
should we gank top or bottom like should
we have taken this fight or should we
have backed off like we argued over
small things and none of those things
matter at all actually the truth is that
the better team the team that's on the
same page wins that's it it doesn't
really matter at the end of the day you
know whether or not like you are you
proved your point whether or not you get
your message across to a teammate about
like something small and yeah I think
that's it like I think towards the end
actually we had this we had this really
inspiring day right after a cloud nine
busted out of groups and we were like
dude if they can do it we can do it
we're better than them so you know we
talked to each other about you know like
really just like let it all out just
everyone on the team let it all out and
everyone on the team had all this stuff
pent up and you know it felt like no one
on the team really trusted each other
because we were constantly bickering
over like oh you know like X team orangy
plays this orangey does this Kati does
this like why don't we do that like why
like or we're not as good as them we
need to improve at that and like we
never really I don't know I guess we
just never really came together until
the very end and I think we played it
better today because we did come
together but I guess this is like too
little too late we should have we should
have won one of the games against Katie
probably I mean what was different about
that EDG game because I I watched you I
was sitting in the audience just sort of
stunned after the EDG Katie game
and knew that you had watched basically
the chance to slip away from you and
then you immediately walked out on stage
and had to play and and for me my
expectation was like this would be
something that would be impossible for
you guys to win you managed to win it so
so what happened in that game was to
just like you know the weight off your
shoulders and you guys could play how
you wanted that's what some people have
been speculating no I think I don't
think it was anything to do with the
weight off our shoulders I think it was
a little bit of like yeah you know this
game doesn't really matter we really
wanted to end the year on a win instead
of just like lights out just full losses
but I think it was just we I don't know
we could have beaten Katie actually
today I was a very close game until we
lost a fight and they got barren and I
feel like that's just how it is that's
just how it is like the game League of
Legends right now you lose a fight you
lose bear and you lose the game and it's
just a game of inches but we were just
we were just not as connected as them
yeah the EDG game though you know we I
guess we just try to play our hearts out
but we were doing that the whole day how
do you feel about your personal
performance because there's you
mentioned on the broadcast that you
think fans should demand high standards
or have high standards for the players
that they watch and the teams that they
read for how do you feel about your
performance this world's not good
obviously we lost and I feel like a lot
of the games I could've had a lot more
pressure early game and even just even
just stuff that the viewers can't see
like my calls you know like one of the
games against Katie I called for us to
start Harold and we end up losing the
fight and it's acts against EDG we
started Harold and like lost a game it's
like well why did Teemo could do that
that looks really bad as like well I
called that so there's like some some
stuff that I really really regret and
then there's like the small stuff
as well I don't know it's it's hard to
say like I know I never want to like
come out of a tournament and I lose
I'm like oh you know I played fine I'm
actually yeah like I think I might have
played better than previous worlds but
who cares it's like well I'm still a
loser so it doesn't really matter in
2016 you guys lost with TSM and you took
like a whole spring split off last year
it was really rough for you I know are
you getting to a point now where you can
you think like kind of rapidly reset for
next year and does it feel like okay
this happened next year or what's kind
of going through your mind right now so
you look forward to the future I don't
know every year is actually I want to
say like it's even more crushing this
year but I think in 2016 I really only
took a break just because I truly felt
like it would improve me as a player
like I truly felt that if I didn't have
enough perspective on what it was to be
a pro player and how important that was
to me by taking a step away from it then
I wouldn't give it my all in the next
year or even in like the years to come
after so that's the reason why I took a
break and this time like I don't know it
sucks I'm gonna be thinking about all my
regrets for the next few months but like
Cain actually said it best that whether
we win or lose today you know I'm you're
I'm gonna come back and be the best ad
and NA smoothies gonna come back me the
best jungler you know like impact is
gonna come back and be the best table
etc etc and then we're gonna win again
we're gonna go back to N and we're just
going to stomp everyone and hopefully in
the in those times when we're when we're
a strong team
domestically again we can like reflect
on these experiences and be more
prepared for world's next time yeah I
had to ask this question to Jenson after
he made it out of groups I have to ask
it unfortunately to you now not making
out of the group's do you feel like you
tried hard enough because there are a
lot of people online right now who are
saying oh the NA teams don't try hard
enough they don't
practice enough they play other games
they do whatever I mean what would you
say to the people who look at the
state's loss and think it was a result
of that I think people will try to find
whatever excuse or whatever reason they
can to like justify and not even
justified to explain why the team that
they were watching or the theme that
they don't care for and maybe even the
thing that cheer for like wasn't good
enough but yeah I mean I can I can
honestly say that I tried my absolute
best and that while I did spend time
playing other games over the like maybe
probably the past like two months it was
not even close to whatever whatever I
don't even know why I'm referring
referencing dumps tree whatever dama
Street was I'm sure there was a player
that did that but none of the
high-caliber teams like our worlds were
doing that kind of stuff like it's not
by accident that you end up being good
and like I'm not it sucks to say that
we're good because we didn't make it out
of grapes again but yeah I think we
definitely tried our absolute best and
every team does
they just eight people make it out eight
teams make it out any teams down this
year a lot of people have been watching
you guys have been reading for Team
Liquid is there anything that you would
say to any of those folks who you know
so unfortunately the last day and the
subsequent games and then now I don't
know watching this interview I think
this is no one that's as disappointed or
as frustrated or as like critical as us
and as me I think maybe team of good
fans they're happy that the team got to
go to Worlds and finally win a trophy
and stuff but I've been trying to make
it out of groups for eight years and I
can't do it so I feel like no matter it
doesn't matter like if you criticize
your favorite team online and you say
like wow I can't believe it this was so
stupid like that you're you are totally
like in the right to do that like you
should criticize your favorite teams you
players and tell them they play like
when they did but the thing is that
no one knows in more than the player
like there no one's delusional enough to
think that like oh I played super well
but they actually were we're sucking
everyone knows and yeah like I think our
fans are usually really supportive
actually they're very they're very kind
a lot harder a lot more nice overall to
the team than like to some fans for
example and CLG fans for sure but it
sucks like I know it's it's a really
heartbreaking it is for us to you well
thank you so much for the interview
Peter looking forward to seeing what the
offseason has in store for you and next
year for when else you can check out the
rest of my coverage of all things rolls
right here on my youtube channel hey
y'all this is normally where I would do
an outro where I plug you GG our sponsor
and some sort of funny way given that
it's more somber interview I just
thought I'd mentioned that they
supported our coverage of this event and
that there's a link in the description
if you want to check them out I do
really appreciate that and as as much as
I prefer to tell happy winning stories
sometimes do you ever tell stories like
this and I wouldn't be able to to get
this type of interview if it wasn't for
their support and sending us here so
anyway thanks to you da GG thanks for
watching everyone I hope you continue to
enjoy the world's coverage set that's
coming to this channel thanks